Your breakfast, sir.
Pork bellies.
I have a hunch something
very exciting is going to happen
in the pork belly
market this morning.
Will Miss Penelope be dining
with you this evening, sir?
Yes. Yes, she will.
Good morning, Mr. Winthorpe.
Morning, Folsey.
Morning, Mr. Winthorpe.
Morning.
Good morning.
Good morning, Mr. Winthorpe.
Morning.
Pork bellies.
I knew it. I knew it!
Good morning,
Mr. Duke.
Morning,
Good morning, Mr. Duke.
Good morning,
Mr. Duke.
When do we sell?
I just cannot believe how
stupid these scientists are.
"The eternal question.”
There is no question.
The answer's obvious.
I don't care about heredity
versus environment.
In fact, I'm sick and tired
of hearing it.
I care about how much money
we can get for our pork bellies.
Winthorpe put in a sell order
for 76 and a quarter.
His charts say that's
as high as it's gonna go.
It'll never get that high.
Let's sell now.
Patience, Mortimer.
Let's see if Winthorpe's right.
Winthorpe's wrong.
It's topped out.
I say we sell now.
Just another few seconds.
The market's closing.
We won't get the order in.
We just made an extra $347,000.
Get me Winthorpe.
Well, of course I never
had an instant of doubt
in my mind, Mortimer.
Oh, yes, I'm sure a lot of
people went belly-up on that one.
I'll see you at the club.
Morning,
Mr. Duke.
Merry Christmas!
Thank you very much.
Vietnam did this to me,
but I'm not bitter, thank you.
Merry Christmas!
Happy Hanukkah?
Yeah, how're you doing?
Spare a poor war veteran
some change?
I'm on my knees for life.
I have no money to give you.
Please, anything.
A quarter.
Anything,
just a couple of dollars.
Anything, a quarter,
a nickel, please.
Hey, man, I really
don't appreciate this.
I don't care what it is.
Smoked ham, anything.
Some crackers.
Thanks a lot.
How'd you like
a stump up your ass?
Stay out of here!
You got a lot of soul.
I appreciate it.
Listen to this.
"Expect this stagnation
to continue
"until the Department of
Agriculture's January crop report.”
Exactly as we thought, Randolph.
Wrong. Quite wrong. Untrue.
They've given this genetics
fellow the Nobel Prize.
The man doesn't know the
first thing about human nature.
Randolph. We're about to make
millions of dollars in frozen orange juice
and you're talking to me
about human nature.
Money isn't everything,
Mortimer.
Oh, grow up.
Mother always said
you were greedy.
She meant it as a compliment.
Ezra, right on time.
I'll bet you thought I'd
forgotten your Christmas bonus.
There you are.
$5. Maybe I'll go to
the movies by myself.
Half of it is from me.
Thank you, Mr. Mortimer.
Gentlemen.
Looking good, Louis.
Feeling good, Todd.
We need a fourth for squash
today, Louis. Are you interested?
No can do. I'll be having
dinner with Penelope tonight.
Oh, lucky you.
It's not luck. Todd.
Randolph, Mortimer.
Winthorpe, my boy,
what have you got for us?
Well, it's that time
of the month again.
Payroll checks
for our employees,
which require your signatures.
And no forgetting
to sign the big ones.
We seem to be paying some of
our employees an awful lot of money.
Can't get around the old
minimum wage, Mortimer.
$50,000 to Clarence Beeks!
Who the hell...
I meant to ask you about that.
I went through
personal records thoroughly
and there doesn't seem to be
a Clarence Beeks
employed with the firm.
Oh, oh.
Clarence Beeks.
Oh, yes, of course.
He's doing something
top secret for us.
Research.
How is Penelope?
Never forget she's our
grandniece, Winthorpe.
You'd better make
an honest woman of her.
Well, I'll certainly try, sir.
Actually, the wedding
invitations go out this week.
Good. Good work, Winthorpe.
Don't worry about this,
Winthorpe.
I'll take care of
this one personally.
Goodbye, Winthorpe.
Winthorpe is
a very steady young man.
We're lucky to have him
managing our firm for us.
Oh, hogwash. Exeter, Harvard,
he's the product of good environment.
It's got nothing to do
with environment.
With his genes, you could
put Winthorpe anywhere
and he's gonna come out on top.
Breeding, Randolph,
same as in race horses.
It's in the blood.
Hey, baby, what's happening?
How you doing?
Once you have a man with no
legs, you never go back, baby.
I know what you're thinking.
You seen Porgy and Bess?
We can make it, baby.
Me and you.
You bitch!
Who's that? Who's
there? What you want?
Police.
We've had some complaints
about con men pretending
to be blind and crippled.
Oh, I'd love to help you, man,
but I ain't seen nothing since
I stepped on that landmine
in Vietcong back in '72.
It was rough, very painful.
You were in Nam?
So were we. Where?
I was in Sang Bang, Dang Gong.
I was all over that place, basically
a lot of places, a lot of places.
What unit were you in?
I was with the Green Berets,
Special Unit Battalion's
Commando Airborne Tactics
Specialist Tactics
Unit Battalion.
Yeah, it was real hush-hush.
I was Agent Orange. That
was my name, Agent Orange.
Special Agent Orange,
that was me.
Airborne, huh?
I can see! I can see!
I have... I have legs.
I have...
Oh shit, look at this.
Man! I can walk.
Jesus, praise Jesus.
I appreciate this.
Oh, this is beautiful.
I can't believe...
Thank you.
I just don't know
what to do. It's...
Glory be to God.
Praise Jesus.
Look at me.
This is too much.
I can't believe it.
You're beautiful.
Listen, I can't thank you.
First Moses, now this.
God, Jesus...
Oh, baby, look at me.
I'm so happy. Oh, God.
Look at me, this is too much.
What a happy day.
What a happy day!
Really, I appreciate it, y'all.
Okay now. All
right. Look at this.
I can walk. I don't
know what to say.
I'll be all right.
Take it easy.
You're beautiful, both
of you all, the two of you.
How're you doing?
Oh, I'm sorry about that, man.
Stop, thief.
Help, help!
What are you talking about, man?
Don't shoot.
Take it, take it.
Please don't kill me.
I'm getting married.
Hey, I don't want your bag, man.
Help! Help!
Help!
He's in there. After him.
Excuse me.
Watch out. He
probably has a weapon.
Stop him.
He has my briefcase.
Stop him! Stop him!
He's inside.
That boy's crazy.
He's
escaping. Get him. Shit.
- Look at him.
- Get out of the way.
Get him.
He's getting away.
There he is. That's
him. Get him. Get him.
He's under the table.
Somebody go under there.
Somebody get down there.
Right there. Right
there. There he is.
Is there a problem, officers?
What in heaven's name
is going on here?
He tried to rob
the payroll, Randolph.
He attacked me
in broad daylight.
I didn't do nothing, man.
This guy bumped into me.
I did not.
You knocked me down
and tried to grab my briefcase.
Yeah, but it was
an accident, man.
An accident, really?
What's going to happen
to this man?
We're gonna book him
on assault, attempted robbery
and resisting arrest.
Well done, Winthorpe.
Hey, man, I'm innocent.
This guy bumped into me.
I was trying to give him
his briefcase back to him.
Shit, I can't be going to jail
'cause some asswipe ain't
watching where he's going.
Officer, I would like
to press full charges.
People like this are
a menace to decent society.
You're from a broken home,
of course?
It was broke. So what?
You have a history of
juvenile arrests, I presume?
Drug abuse, reform school,
state prisons and all that?
I ain't talking to this
guy. I want a lawyer.
Is there a lawyer in the house?
That man is a product
of a poor environment.
There's absolutely nothing
wrong with him, I can prove it.
Of course there's
something wrong with him.
He's a Negro!
Probably been stealing
since he could crawl.
Given the right surroundings
and encouragement,
I'll bet that that man
could run our company
as well as your young Winthorpe.
Are we talking
about a wager, Randolph?
I suppose you think Winthorpe,
say if he were to lose his job,
would resort to holding
up people on the streets?
No, I don't think
just losing his job
would be enough for Winthorpe.
I think we'd have to heap
a little more misfortune
on those narrow shoulders.
If he lost his job and his home
and his fiancee and his friends,
if he were somehow disgraced
and arrested by the police
and thrown in jail, even,
yes, I'm sure he'd take to
crime like a fish to water.
You'd have to put him in the
wrong surroundings, of course,
with the worst sort of people.
I mean real scum, Randolph.
We've done it before.
This time it's in a good cause.
How much do you want to bet?
The usual amount.
Why not?
You're so brave, Louis.
Someone has to take a stand
against criminals like that.
But he could have killed you.
In such a situation,
you have no time to think.
Instinct takes over.
It's either Kill or be Killed.
Did Louis tell you
what he did today?
Mr. Louis was kind enough
to share this afternoon's
excitement with me, Miss Penelope.
You're so hot-tempered, darling.
I would have groveled on the
ground and begged for mercy.
I want you, Louis, now.
Coleman.
Sir?
I think we'll take our drinks
in the living room, by the fire.
No dessert, sir?
You have it.
Thank you, sir.
Hello.
Oh, hello, Mr. Duke, sir.
A what?
A scientific experiment.
Well, not at all, sir.
No,... It all sounds very
original.
Well, it's your house, sir,
and I work for you.
I shall make
the necessary arrangements.
And a very good night
to you, sir.
What a scumbag.
Mumsy wants to have a party
for us right after New Year's.
January 2nd,
is that good for you?
A-okay with me, hon.
Darn nice of her, too.
Oh, heck.
2nd of January.
Can't do it, boo.
Oh, Louis.
It's the day the crop
reports come out.
What do those stupid
old crop reports
have to do with Mumsy's party?
Well, it's the busiest time of
the year in the office, sugar puff.
It's just not fair. Why can't you
make them do it another day?
Oh, no.
The Department of Agriculture
gets those estimates
from all over the country.
Pork bellies, soybeans,
frozen orange juice.
I suppose I'll just have
to ask Todd to take me.
Now, wait just a minute.
If you think
I'm going to let that playboy...
Just teasing, Winthorpe.
You know something, Witherspoon?
What?
We are going to make
a great couple.
We're going to
have a great life.
Excuse me, sir.
What is it now, Coleman?
Will you be needing me
any more, this evening, sir?
No, I think I have
everything I want.
Good night, sir.
See, I had to keep the dude
under tight surveillance, man.
That's why I'm wearing
these bummy clothes.
I had to make sure
the dude had his payroll
before I made my move.
Tell us how you cut him.
Hey, I ain't cut him
with no knife, man.
But you told me last
night you cut the dude.
It's with these I cut him.
I am a chain belt in kung fu.
Bruce Lee was my teacher.
Watch this.
That's called the Quart
of Blood technique.
You do that, a quart of blood
will drop out a person's body.
Tell how you beat on the cop.
Wasn't no cop, man.
It was cops.
Plural.
Nine, ten cops.
I beat the shit out of ten cops
and had to change
my whole strategy around.
Yo, when they brought
you in here and booked you,
you was crying like a pussy.
Yeah.
That's 'cause as one of the cops
fell, he threw tear gas in my face.
And that's the kind of shit
they use on crowds, man.
And I still walked
in here like a man,
so get out of my face,
all right?
I mean, you beating up on a man,
you putting a man
in the hospital.
How come I don't
see no marks on you?
Yeah.
'Cause I'm a karate man,
all right?
Karate men bruise on the inside.
They don't show
their weaknesses.
But you don't know that
'cause you're a big Barry
White-looking motherfucker.
Now get off my back, all right?
I wish my bitches'd hurry up
and get here.
I ain't got no time to be
sitting inside this cell with you...
Where is your bitches,
Mr. Big-Time Pimp?
Yeah.
Didn't I tell you that the
phone in my limousine is busted
and I can't get in contact
with my bitches?
Yeah, the phone in
the limo is busted.
What are you, ignorant?
Hey, look, sit down, all right.
It ain't cool being no jive
turkey so close to Thanksgiving.
Hey, now...
You boys don't know what
you're doing, I can see that already.
Do you know who
you're fucking with?
Back the fuck up.
Back up.
Do you know who
you're fucking with
in cell number 4
on the ninth floor?
Billy Ray Valentine?
Yes.
Move it.
You made bail.
I did?
Where are you going?
What do you think? You crazy?
Get up there.
You don't know who
you're messing with, boy.
You stay still.
May I suggest using
a night stick, Officer?
Get out of here.
Mr. Valentine?
Could you spare us a moment?
Hey, man,
don't I know you two guys?
Step inside,
nice and warm in here.
Whiskey, all you want.
Hey, look, man, I ain't falling
for the same trick twice,
all right?
What you gonna do,
get me in the car
and have me arrested
for stealing it?
Why should we do that,
Mr. Valentine?
We're the ones
who bailed you out.
Say, man, who are y'all?
What y'all want with me?
We want to help you,
Mr. Valentine.
My brother and I run
a privately funded program,
to rehabilitate culturally
disadvantaged people.
We'd like to supply you with
a home of your own, a car,
a generous bank account, and
employment with our company.
We're going to start you
at $80,000 a year.
$80,0007?
Hmm.
Excuse me.
This is a practical joke,
right, bro?
Then these dudes are a
couple of faggots then, huh?
Well, what's my next move, man?
Thank you, you've been helpful.
What about the police
and the payroll?
We've had the charges
dropped, Mr. Valentine.
You're a free man, Valentine.
We can stop right now and
you can walk out on us forever.
No. No, I believe
I can hang out
with you fellas
for a little while.
Excellent.
I'm Randolph Duke.
How you doing, Randy.
What's happening?
My younger brother, Mortimer.
Hey, Morty! What it
is? How you doing?
Billy Ray Valentine, Capricorn.
Randy, that's like Randy
Jackson from the Jackson 5, right?
Yes. Yes, I suppose so.
Yeah, yeah.
Here we are, William.
How you doing?
Hey, Randy, Morty.
This is nice. I like this.
William... Billy Ray.
William, this is Coleman.
He'll look after
your day-to-day needs.
Can I relieve you of those, sir?
You get a glass, I'll
give you a sip, man.
Perhaps your coat, sir?
Yes, this is my coat.
Coleman is here
to take care of you.
He is your servant.
May I take it?
Get out of here, man.
Valentine very badly wants
to take a hot bath
and to get into
something comfortable.
Don't you, Valentine?
Jacuzzi, sir?
You see, man, I knew
you all was faggots, man.
You'll be Jacuzzi nobody.
It's a whirlpool bath, sir.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Bubbles, man. Say, man,
when I was growing up,
we want a Jacuzzi, we had
to fart in the tub. This is bad.
What's he doing in there?
He's singing, sir.
They're very musical people,
aren't they?
What shall I do
with his clothes, sir?
Send them to the laundry.
He'll have to have something
to wear back to the ghetto
after I've won our bet.
Well, William,
what do you think?
I like it, Randy.
It's very nice.
I like the way
you have the mirrors
and stuff hooked up over there.
It's very pretty. I like
that. I like that mirror.
I don't think he
understands, Randolph.
Oh, but, Morty, I do understand.
William.
Yes.
This is your home.
Uh-huh. Right.
It belongs to you.
Yeah, all this is mine. I
like my home. It's very nice.
I have very nice
taste in houses.
Everything you see in
this room is yours now.
This is my stuff?
Your own personal property.
Yeah, my own personal
shit. You understand?
This is mine.
Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, you know what I like
most about my place, Randy?
The curtains, man.
Look at the curtains.
It's beautiful the way
I got this place set up, man.
This is something else.
I like it.
The cabinets and whatnot.
Beautiful.
I suppose you're gonna
just give me this TV
set for free, Randy?
That's right. Everything
in here is mine, huh?
Oh, I guess
the stereo's mine free too?
Absolutely.
This is too much for me, man.
You know, I can really dig
this, Randy. You know why?
This kind of thing
happens to me every week.
This is your house.
These are your
personal possessions.
You will only be
stealing from yourself.
Look, first you throw
my ass in jail, right?
Then you go and
drive me out here
and start running
some garbage to me
about this is my house,
this is my personal rug.
And then you go and tell me
this is my personal slave too.
I understand how
you feel, William,
but the fact remains,
all this is yours.
You may do with it
whatever you wish.
This is my stuff
and my place, huh?
I can do what I want
with this stuff, right?
This is my vase here, right?
This is Billy Ray's vase,
right? I own this vase.
And I can play like Harlem
Globetrotters shit with it, right?
Okay, you want Meadowlark
Lemon shit, right?
Hey, man, I'm sorry about that.
Perfectly all right, William,
it was your vase.
That's a cheap vase, man.
That was a fake, right?
I think we paid $35,000 for it.
But I seem to remember
we estimated its value at
$50,000 for the insurance company.
You see, Mortimer?
William has already made us
a profit of $15,000.
You want me to
break something else?
No.
Excuse me.
I just hope we're
not pushing our luck,
using Mr. Beeks for this,
as well as for the crop report.
We are involved
in a very important
scientific experiment, Mortimer,
and Mr. Beeks has
always proven reliable.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Hello, Todd. Gents.
Gentlemen. There is something
rotten in the Heritage Club.
Something that has
never raised its vile head
in the 208 years of
the club's history.
There is a thief,
and he's sitting here among us.
Not an ordinary thief
like the man
Winthorpe had the guts
to stand up to yesterday.
No, this man is
a hundred times lower.
I'd like to introduce Mr. Beeks
of Lyndhurst Security.
Thank you. I'd like to ask
you gentlemen to all stand up.
I'd like to ask you to place
your left hand on the shoulder
of the man to your left.
I would now ask you
to place your right hand
in the coat pocket of
the member to your right.
And empty the contents of
those pockets onto the table.
Thank you.
You may sit.
We marked three $50 bills
with red X's.
Less than 10 minutes ago
those bills were stolen
from a coat in the cloakroom.
One of our operatives
witnessed the theft.
Now, wait a minute. I've never
seen this money before in my life.
Randolph, Mortimer,
this is outrageous.
What are you doing? I
haven't done anything wrong.
Oh, Winthorpe.
I'm glad your parents
are not alive to see this.
What? No, wait, now this is
totally preposterous. This is insane.
I have no reason to steal.
No, wait, I'm not a thief.
I demand a fair hearing.
You can at least grant me that.
Someone planted
that stuff on me.
You realize you're
making a grave mistake.
Boy, are you two
going to be sorry.
Do you know who I am?
Yeah, Winthorpe, Louis Ill.
I know, I know. I'm
permitted two phone calls.
Just point me to the phone.
Take off your clothes.
Now, wait a minute,
I know my rights.
Take off your clothes.
You are making
a career decision here.
Now, you'd better
think about it,
because it's something that
you're going to have to live with
for the rest of your life.
Strip, you little shit, before
I tear you a new asshole.
Did you hear what
this man said to me?
Now, I have witnesses.
This man is
physically threatening me.
Winthorpe.
Louis III.
All right.
One gold watch.
One alligator skin wallet.
Master Charge,
American Express Gold Card.
Visa, Diners Club Carte Blanche.
Two tickets.
La Boheem.
La Boheme. It's an opera.
It's an opera.
One cellophane bag.
That's not mine.
I've never seen that
before in my life.
That's PCP, phencyclidine.
Angel dust.
You ever seen
what this stuff does to kids?
You are looking at three
to five, mandatory, Louis.
What's happening, Terry?
Give me a bottle
of your best champagne.
You got a lot of nerve,
showing your face around here
after all this time.
Look, man, I got your money.
I got your poor, measly $27
with interest.
Billy Ray, honey.
Is that you?
Who you think it is?
Terence, get the lady
some champagne.
In fact,
champagne for everybody,
courtesy of Billy Ray Valentine.
All right!
That's sweet of you.
A toast to Billy Ray, huh?
Well, I'm a sexy man.
I'm very sexy, see.
And people will come and say,
"Billy Ray, you're so sexy,"
and not understand my sexuality.
I know.
I'm a very sexy...
You was in the tank last night,
bragging on your limousine.
You're the motherfucker
I was gonna carve.
Yeah.
Motherfucker? Moi?
That just happens to be
my limousine outside.
Why don't you go
take a look at it?
Right outside?
Yeah.
You took care of him, baby.
I was gonna Kick his ass.
Were you going to?
I should have kicked it,
but I'm a peaceful man.
Look, ladies, it's about
time for me to get home.
But if any of you ladies want to
drop by my house for cocktails,
there's plenty of room
in my limousine.
Limousine!
Come on, everybody.
You're looking so fine,
Billy Ray.
Thank you very much.
Hey, yo, cuz, if you gonna
vomit, the bathroom's downstairs.
No, it's downstairs, man.
Shit!
Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
That's a Persian rug.
It's Persian, from Persia.
Hey. Hey, what is this?
What is this shit here?
Hold up! Hey, who's been
putting out their Kools on my floor?
Who has been putting out
their Kools on my floor?
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Have you people
ever heard of coasters?
Would you like me to prepare
some more hors d'oeuvres
for the guests, sir?
Fuck them.
Hey, Coleman, there was more
people in this room here before.
Where'd they go?
I believe some of them
have adjourned upstairs, sir.
To my bedroom?
I've been waiting
for you, Billy Ray.
Put your clothes on
and get out of here.
Yeah, that's my girl,
right over there.
Can I have everybody's
attention please?
Get the fuck out!
- Okay, now, see here.
- Good night, sir.
Good night, madam.
Man.
I hope you enjoyed it.
Dude ain't nothing.
Thank you.
It was a stone groove, my man.
You are the most righteous...
Yeah, right.
Just get the fuck out, man.
Let's go.
Shit, come on.
Hurry up.
And be quiet out there. My
neighbors are asleep, they work too.
Well, your...
Your friends seemed
to enjoy themselves, sir.
I thought it was
a great success.
It wasn't no friends
of mine, Coleman.
It was a bunch of freeloaders,
treating my house
like it was a goddamn zoo.
Why don't you retire, sir,
and I'll straighten up?
You've got a big day
ahead of you tomorrow.
Yeah, yeah, I think I will
retire.
Good night, Coleman.
Thanks, man.
Good night, sir.
Let's go, Winthorpe.
Excuse me.
I'll see you later,
we'll have lunch.
How would you like
to make a fast hundred?
I just got out.
Hey, come on.
What are you trying to do,
entrap me right here in the
middle of the police department?
You guys must be
getting desperate.
No, no, no. This is for...
Is that your purse?
Yes.
That's a nice purse.
Thank you.
Darling, I'm so glad to see you.
Louis, you're making a scene.
The good news is I'm innocent.
I've never even
done anything vaguely
resembling this.
Really. It's the truth.
Louis, you look awful.
I'm so ashamed.
Those clothes and those shoes
and you've been fighting and...
And you smell.
I smell?
Penelope, do you realize
where I've been since yesterday?
They beat me up
and stole my clothes.
Those men wanted
to have sex with me.
Can we discuss this
somewhere else, Louis?
One of them tried
to bend me over this...
I mean, if this
place is indicative
of the state of correctional
institutions in this country,
they might as well let
all the convicts out.
It's far worse on the inside.
Stealing from your friends
at the club, Louis?
Heroin, Louis?
Have you lost your mind?
Mother wants me to call off
the wedding and so does Todd.
Todd? What does Todd have
to do with it?
You've been fired
from Duke & Duke.
They're preparing charges
against you for embezzlement.
Embezzlement? I've never
stolen anything in my life.
How could the man I loved,
whose children I wanted to have
and breastfeed,
be a heroin dealer?
It wasn't heroin, it was
angel dust, PCP, and...
Listen, Penelope,
I swear to you, on my honor,
with almighty God as my witness,
ll am not an angel dust dealer.
Oh, Louis.
I've been looking everywhere
for you, baby. Listen, Louis...
Would you... I'm hurting,
baby. I just need a shot.
Please...
Louis.
Who is this person?
I've never seen this woman
before in my life.
Don't say it, Louis.
Come on, baby, just a dime bag.
I'll do all those things
you like.
You lying, filthy,
disgusting creep.
Todd was right about you.
I never want to see you
again as long as I live.
Grand! Great!
Thanks a lot.
It was a joke.
Your friend said
it would get you off.
You mean, someone
told you to do this to me?
Yeah, and he paid me
a hundred bucks, too.
He's right over there.
So let me get this straight,
I'm gonna give you $20
for the cab,
and you're gonna give me $50
when we get to your house?
That is correct. My butler,
Coleman, will give you $50,
and drive you anywhere
in the city you wish to go.
You don't exactly look like
the type that has a butler.
You know,
if you're hustling me...
Hustling you?
You don't think they give
these to just anyone, do you?
I can charge goods and services
in over 86 countries
around the world.
Yeah? Well,
I don't take credit cards.
You'll see what
a mistake all this was.
Yes?
Coleman,
could you please let me in?
I'm having trouble with my key.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Coleman, just unchain the door
and let me in.
I'm in no mood for jokes.
Coleman?
There's no Coleman here.
You've made a mistake.
Excuse me, for a moment.
Coleman! Let me in!
If you don't go away, I shall
be forced to call the police.
Hello. I'll be making a cash
withdrawal for the amount of $500.
Well, in fact,
we'll make it $1,000.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry, Mr. Winthorpe, but
the IRS has frozen your accounts.
What are you talking about?
You know me.
You're a heroin dealer,
Mr. Winthorpe.
It wasn't heroin,
it was angel dust, PCP,
and I never even
had my hands on it.
Regardless,
it's not the kind of business
we want here at First National.
May I see your
credit cards please?
I've been ordered
to repossess them.
What?
Now, wait a minute, what
am I supposed to live on?
I mean,
what's going to happen to me?
Roger.
Why is someone deliberately
trying to ruin my life?
Tell you what.
Forget about the $50, okay?
I'm just real tired.
I'm going home.
You've got to believe me.
You must believe me.
I have been framed.
You can't just leave me here.
I've got enough problems, Louis.
Come on, come on.
Listen! Wait! Wait.
I have over $150,000
in that bank.
But you don't care because
you helped them do this to me.
Get off your knees, Louis.
Give me your hand.
Soft hands.
And a manicure.
You haven't done a hard
day's work in your life, have you?
I'm gonna regret this, but...
Come on. Get in.
I'm going to get to
the bottom of this.
This is about a grave,
grave mistake.
Hey, that look just like
the dude that had me busted.
Sir?
Right there, he looked
just like the mother...
I mean, he looks just like the
gentleman that had me busted.
To whom are you referring, sir?
Right there.
The dude right over there.
Right over there.
That's my car.
Coleman! Coleman,
that's my car!
That's my car!
That's my driver.
There's some strange shit
going on here, Coleman.
You don't want to be late
for your first day at work, sir.
I mean, what am I supposed
to do in here?
What they want from me?
I'm sure they'll tell you, sir.
Yeah, what if I can't do it?
Just be yourself, sir.
Whatever happens, they
can't take that away from you.
Excuse me, my name is...
Yes, Mr. Valentine,
they're waiting for you
in the last office
down the hall.
William, my boy.
Right on time.
Come in, come in.
Sit down.
No, thanks, guys. I already
had breakfast this morning.
This is not a meal, Valentine.
We are here to try to explain
to you what it is we do here.
We are commodities brokers,
William.
Now, what are commodities?
Commodities are
agricultural products.
Like coffee,
that you had for breakfast.
Wheat, which is used
to make bread.
Pork bellies, which is
used to make bacon,
which you might find
in a bacon and lettuce
and tomato sandwich.
Then there are other commodities
like frozen orange juice
and gold.
Though, of course, gold doesn't
grow on trees like oranges.
Clear so far?
Yeah.
Good, William. Now, some
of our clients are speculating
that the price of gold
will rise in the future.
And we have other clients
who are speculating
that the price of gold
is going to fall.
They place their orders with us
and we buy or sell
their gold for them.
Tell him the good part.
The good part, William, is that,
no matter whether our clients
make money or lose money,
Duke & Duke get the commissions.
Well, what do you think,
Valentine?
Well, it sounds to me like you
guys are a couple of bookies.
I told you he'd understand.
It doesn't take a genius
to figure out what happened.
It's the same guy who
tried to rob the payroll.
No doubt about it, that's him.
He planted the drugs on me.
Rahim, Mohammed, Larry.
How you guys doing?
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, how you doing, baby?
You know those people?
He was wearing my Harvard tie.
Can you believe it?
My Harvard tie.
Like, oh, sure,
he went to Harvard.
I mean, if he's being
driven around in my car,
he could actually be
living in my house.
Maybe he's even taken my job.
You know, for all I know,
right at this moment he
could be fondling my fiancee.
And Coleman.
After years of service,
this betrayal.
I don't understand it.
There's going to be retribution.
Oh, he's going to pay.
The things that I am going to...
Shut up, Louis.
Listen, taxis cost money,
food costs money
and rent costs money!
Now, you want me to help
you out, I expect a lot in return.
These were here when I moved in.
Put them on if you want.
Look, I cannot begin to tell
you how much I appreciate this...
Ophelia.
Ophelia. You realize that
that's the name...
I know, I know, I know.
Hamlet's girlfriend.
He went crazy,
she killed herself.
This is not Shakespeare, Louis.
Look, I'm 24 years old.
I'm from a small, miserable
little mining town
you probably never heard of.
The only thing I've got going for
me in this whole big, wide world
is this body, this face,
and what I got up here.
I don't do drugs
and I don't have a pimp.
This place is a dump,
but it's cheap,
it's clean and it's all mine.
I've saved 42 grand and
it's in T-Bills earning interest.
I figure, I got three
more years on my back.
I'll have enough to retire on.
You're a prostitute?
I'm talking about a
business proposition, Louis.
I help you get yourself
back on your feet
and you pay me,
in cash, five figures.
That's the deal and it's
not subject to negotiation.
Understood?
By the way,
food and rent are not the only
things around here that cost money.
You sleep on the couch.
It's hit rock bottom.
Come on, let's buy.
Mortimer Duke here.
Buy 200 May belly
contracts at 66.8.
Put them on my personal account.
That's a big mistake, man.
Valentine, something very
important is going on here. Just watch.
All right, but you all gonna
get reamed on this one.
Why shouldn't
we buy now, William?
Price is going
to keep going down.
Randolph, this isn't Monopoly
money we're playing with.
This is Randolph Duke. Hold
that belly order a moment.
Tell me just why
you think the price
of pork bellies is
going down, William.
It's Christmastime.
Everybody's uptight.
Could we please
buy now, Randolph?
All right, if you want to
lose money, go ahead.
What are you
trying to say, William?
Okay. Pork belly prices have
been dropping all morning.
Which means everybody's
sitting in their office
and they're waiting for them
to hit rock bottom
so they can buy cheap
and go long.
So people that own
the pork belly contracts
are going, "Bad shit."
'Cause they're thinking, "Hey,
we're losing all our damn money
"and Christmas is
around the corner.
"And I ain't gonna have
no money to buy my son
"the G.I. Joe with
the kung fu grip," Kay?
"And my wife
ain't gonna wanna...
"My wife ain't
gonna make love to me
“cause I ain't got
no money," right?
So they sitting there
and they panicking.
They screaming,
"Sell! Sell!"
'Cause they don't want to
lose all their money, right?
They out there, panicking
right now. I can feel it.
They out there. They
panicking. Look at them.
He's right, Mortimer,
my God, look at it.
I'd wait till you get to
about 64, then I'd buy.
You'll have cleared out
all the suckers by then.
Do you realize how much money
he just saved us?
Money isn't everything,
Randolph.
Advise our clients interested
in bellies to buy at 64.
Mr. Valentine
has set the price.
Well done, William.
Very well done.
Come on, Randolph,
we're gonna be late.
Yo.
Mortimer dropped his money clip.
You can count it.
It's all there, all of it.
Thank you, William.
It's all there, man, count it.
I'm sure it is, William.
Thank you and
keep up the good work.
All right, Randy.
All right.
Nice try, Mortimer.
♪ Zeta Chi,
Zeta Chi, my friend
♪ 'Neath the elms
we sing our tones
♪ We're brothers to the end
♪ Muffy in the bathroom stall
♪ Margaret by the lake
♪ Susan down in Whitley Hall
♪ Constance on the make
♪ Constance Fry, Constance Fry
♪ Anytime you call
♪ Constance would
fulfill your needs
♪ Winter, spring or fall ♪
What do you think, huh?
That was great,
that was really great.
That's perfect.
Witherspoon.
And she stepped on the ball.
Oh, my God, I don't believe it.
There you are.
I think I'm going to be sick.
Don't worry, I'll
handle this, pookums.
Todd, Harry, Andrew, Philip.
I realize this looks
completely awful
but I just wanted to assure you,
my friends, that I am
completely innocent.
I'm going to fight
this thing till the end.
Someone is out to get me
and I know who it is.
The important thing is
that I can rely on you,
my friends,
as character witnesses.
I'm going to be defending myself
and, well, I wondered if
you could see your way clear
to perhaps advance me a
small loan until the hearing.
Frankly, Winthorpe, and I
think I speak for all of us,
I think it shows
incredibly bad taste
for you to come here and
embarrass us all like this.
I believe I'm still
a member of this club.
Nobody wants to buy
your drugs here, Louis.
Now why don't you just go away?
Burned my fingers, man.
I beg your pardon?
Man, that watch is so hot,
it's smoking.
Hot? Do you mean
to imply stolen?
I'll give you 50 bucks for it.
50 bucks?
No, no, no.
This is a Rochefoucauld,
the thinnest water-resistant
watch in the world.
Singularly unique,
sculptured in design,
hand-crafted in Switzerland
and water-resistant
to three atmospheres.
This is the sports watch
of the '80s.
$6,955 retail.
You got a receipt?
Look, it tells time
simultaneously
in Monte Carlo, Beverly Hills,
London, Paris, Rome and Gstaad.
In Philadelphia,
it's worth 50 bucks.
Just give me the money.
How much for the gun?
So this snail is standing in front
of the Cadillac salesman, see,
and he looks up at the salesman
and he says, "How
much is that Cadillac?"
The snail says, "I want a big
S put on each door, a big S,
"and on top of the car,
I want another big S
"so everybody can see it."
So the salesman says, "But
what do you want that for?"
He says, "Well, you see,
when I drive down the avenue,
"I want everybody to say
'Look at that S car go.'"
"Look at
that S car go."
I'm considering going long
on April wheat.
What do you think, Valentine?
I can think of three
real good reasons
why you shouldn't do
something like that, Judge.
One, the Russian
wheat harvest isn't
going to be as bad
as everybody thinks.
And two...
And three, judging
from all these jewels
around your
girlfriend's neck here,
I think you'll need every penny
you've got just
to keep her happy.
103. That's it,
you're staying in bed.
The man has moved into my house.
He's stolen my job.
I have to do something.
Stay here.
It's 10:00. Here's Johnny.
Listen, baby, I'm sorry.
My mama just came in
from out of town.
Can we do it next week?
Flowers for me?
Thanks.
What are you doing?
You've got company.
Business is business.
I'll go for a walk or something.
The fresh air will do me good.
Lay down.
I'm sorry you had to
cancel your appointment.
What are you doing?
Ophelia, I can't tell you
how good that feels.
You've been so kind to me.
I'm just protecting
my investment.
That's all.
Shut up and go to sleep.
99 and a half.
You're not getting out of bed,
though, until it's normal.
I feel fine and I've
inconvenienced you enough.
You have work to do
and so do ll.
Nobody works on Christmas Eve.
I'm gonna go shopping
and then I'm gonna come back
and make you a nice quiet dinner.
Now, read your paper.
Christmas, huh?
I'll give him a Christmas
present he'll never forget.
William, where've you been?
The party's already begun.
I have some work to finish
in my office, Mr. Duke.
It's Christmas Eve and William
wants to keep working, Mortimer.
I'll think of you in Stockholm,
when I accept the Nobel Prize.
The wager has two parts
as I recall.
Something about a second
party turning to crime.
Didn't you say you had
some work to do, Valentine?
Yes sir. I was
wondering about this
$10,000 check to
Mr. Clarence Beeks.
I'll take care of it, Valentine.
I don't seem to recall
any Clarence Beeks
working for the firm,
Mr. Duke.
It was before you
joined us, Valentine.
We did manage to
stay in business
for 47 years
before your arrival.
Have a drink, William.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, Mr. Duke.
What?
Merry Christmas.
Oh, oh, Merry Christmas.
Just what do you
think you're doing?
Randolph! Mortimer!
Come in here quickly!
I've finally caught him!
Who are you?
I've caught him red-handed.
Winthorpe, is that you?
I'm making a citizen's arrest.
This man is a drug dealer.
Look. Look,
here in his office drawer,
he's got all the bad drugs here.
Marijuana joints,
pills, Quaalude,
Valium, yellow ones, red ones,
cocaine grinder, drug needles.
He's the pusher, not me.
Really, I just came in
and caught this man
planting this stuff in my desk.
It's obviously some primitive
attempt to try to frame me.
Frame you? Boy, if that isn't
the pot calling the kettle black.
This man's obviously a lunatic.
I'm calling security.
Put that phone down.
Hello, security,
Merry Christmas.
You try to rob me,
plant drugs on me.
You steal my house,
my car, my job.
You know, I ought to
Kill him right now.
Hey, look, man, this is a big
misunderstanding, all right.
I don't know nothing
about your house
and your car and
your job, really.
Could you put the gun away?
Will you ask the Dukes?
Put that gun away
at once, Winthorpe.
Have you lost your mind?
Freeze, slime ball.
I realize this whole experience
must have been
rather unsettling for you.
Winthorpe, don't leave.
We can explain.
Yeah, you'll be sorry.
You'll all be very, very sorry.
Poor, deluded creature. We
caught him pilfering at our club,
embezzling funds, selling drugs.
Now he's dressing up
like Santa Claus.
Very sordid business.
I can't believe Winthorpe
would fall to pieces like that.
It's none of my business, but
that guy belongs behind bars.
He's unemployed, Valentine.
It's no excuse, Mortimer.
He's flat broke,
obviously hungry.
Oh, but he has money
to buy drugs, right?
Listen, you can't be soft
on people like that.
Take it from me.
I know, Randolph.
Pay up,
Mortimer, I've won the bet.
Here, $1.
We took a perfectly useless
psychopath like Valentine,
and turned him
into a successful executive.
And during the same time,
we turned an honest,
hard-working man
into a violently deranged
would-be Killer.
Now, what are we going to do
about taking Winthorpe back
and returning Valentine
to the ghetto?
I don't want Winthorpe back
after what he's done.
You mean keep Valentine on
as managing director?
Do you really believe
I would have a nigger run
our family business, Randolph?
Of course not.
Neither would I.
I do think we should hold off
on switching them back, though.
Until we get that crop report,
New Year's Eve, don't you?
Absolutely. No sense
rocking the boat until then.
If Mr. Beeks does
what we paid him to do,
we should have
a very happy New Year.
Indeed.
Hey, Winthorpe!
Winthorpe!
Hey.
Hey, Winthorpe.
Hey, yo, Winthorpe!
Winthorpe. Yo.
Sorry about that.
No, no.
Hey, taxi!
Hi, Louis.
Merry Christmas.
Louis. Louis,
when you get out,
I have a big surprise for you.
Excuse me.
The door was open...
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm
looking for a Louis Winthorpe.
Does he live here?
Wait here a minute,
I'll be right back.
Louis. Louis, it's him.
It's Valentine.
Louis. Louis.
Louis.
It was close, but he's
going to be all right.
Now, make sure
he gets plenty of rest.
And for God's sake,
no excitement.
Thanks, Doc.
Not at all.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas to you.
I'll let myself out, Coleman.
Thank you. Thank you, Doctor.
Merry Christmas.
It was a dream.
I dreamt the whole thing.
It was just a bad dream.
Good morning, sir.
Merry Christmas.
Coleman, I had
the most absurd nightmare.
I was poor and no one liked me.
I lost my job, I lost my house.
Penelope hated me.
And it was all because
of this terrible, awful Negro.
Oh, dear!
It was the Dukes.
You're a dead man, Valentine!
Look, Louis.
It was an experiment.
They used us as
guinea pigs, man.
Dukes used us as guinea pigs.
To see how our lives
would turn out.
They made a bet.
I'm afraid it's true, sir.
I believe him, Louis.
The Dukes ruined
my life over a bet?
For how much?
A dollar.
$1.
Fine, that's the way
they want it.
No problem.
You know, you can't
just go around
and shoot people in the kneecaps
with a double-barreled shotgun
'cause you're pissed at them.
Why not?
It's called assault
with a deadly weapon.
You get 20 years for that shit.
Listen, do you have
any better ideas?
Yeah, you know, it occurs to me
that the best way
you hurt rich people
is by turning them
into poor people.
You have to admit, sir, you
didn't like it yourself a bit.
And now for the news.
Under heavy security,
the crop estimates
for next year's orange crop
are being delivered from Miami
to the Department of
Agriculture in Washington, DC.
Louis. Louis, that's him.
That's the guy who paid
me to talk dirty to you.
In charge of security
is Mr. Clarence Beeks,
head of Lyndhurst Security.
Clarence Beeks!
The Dukes just gave
that guy 10 grand.
Ten grand? I saw an outlay in
the payroll to him for $50,000.
Mortimer said
it was for research.
Yeah, research on
how he can get his hands
on that top secret crop report
two days before it goes public.
My God.
The Dukes are going to corner
the entire frozen orange juice market.
Unless somebody stops them.
Or beats them to it.
Eggnog?
Duke & Duke,
may I ask who's calling?
I'm afraid he's busy.
Can you hold please?
May I help you?
Just a moment, Mr. Beeks,
I'll put you right through.
Operation Strange Fruit
proceeding according to plan.
I anticipate penetration and
acquisition at 2100 tomorrow. Hold on.
Fuck off!
When can we expect delivery?
I will be leaving DC by train.
We'll rendezvous at 2400
at the Hilton hotel,
parking level D, section 4.
That's the orange section.
Orange, I like that.
Very good.
The final payment is
due on delivery in cash.
Jesus, hey!
Happy New Year!
Ever make it with an ape?
Harvey, haven't you had
enough to drink?
Are you kidding, it's not
even New Year's Eve.
Come here,
kiss this beautiful ape.
Come on, give me a little.
Come on, just a little.
Harrisburg express.
Stairway C.
What?
It's my turn to drive.
No, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
Well, I'm sure you
think it is, but it isn't.
No, don't you remember?
This morning, you drove the
shipment of anchovy paste.
Yeah, I drove the anchovy paste,
but you had the videotape
recorders this afternoon.
Well, I just... I backed
them up about five feet.
We have to take turns.
Sometimes it's longer,
sometimes it's shorter.
It's my turn now.
No, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
No.
Merry New Year.
Happy New Year.
In this country,
we say, "Happy New Year."
Thank you for correcting
my English, which stinks.
I am Nanga Eboko, exchange
student from Cameroon.
Beef jerky time.
You want some beef jerky?
No, please.
There's plenty, you know.
This animal's being routed
through to New York.
Its care and feeding instructions
are on this bill of lading.
Okay, gotcha.
Now, I doubt if you'll have
any problems, but if you do,
there's a tranquillizer gun
in the first-aid kit.
Oh, yeah?
Say, have you guys
been drinking?
No, sir. Not us.
There's enough drunks
on this train already.
Happy New Year.
Oh, that's kind of you, son.
And a happy New Year
to you, too.
Could I offer
either of you two gentlemen
a wee jolt of Irish whiskey
to usher in the New Year?
Not for me, pal.
I do not drink.
It is against my religion.
I always say, religion's a
fine thing, taken in moderation.
Beef jerky?
Oh, no, son,
thank you very much.
No, it gives me the wind,
something terrible.
We are moving!
New York, here we come!
Come in, my child,
join the party.
Let me see now, you would
be from Austria. Am I right?
No, I am Inga from Sweden.
Sweden?
But you're wearing lederhosen.
Ja, for sure, from Sweden.
Please to help me
with my rucksack.
Oh yeah, sure, why not?
I'm hungry, man.
I have got to get
something more to eat.
Well, maybe there's some
pretzels in the bar car.
You're welcome!
Who is that?
Open the door, man.
I'm dressed as
a baggage handler.
You can imagine
how embarrassed I was
when I saw that
there was someone
at the party with the
same costume I had.
Monkey? Monkey?
I'm a fucking gorilla,
you clown!
I certainly hope there's enough
space on the train for me.
Nanga, Nanga Eboko,
from Cameroon.
Do you remember me?
It's Lionel Joseph.
Lionel, from the African
Education Conference, right?
Yes, aye, man. I was
director of cultural events
at the Haile Selassie pavilion.
I remember the pavilion.
We had big fun there.
Now that we are all here,
we will have a picnic, ja?
Yeah.
You will help me get my rucksack
down for the Swedish meatballs.
Remember the one we did?
Yeah.
The memories.
All day long I could
tell those stories.
Those were the good ones, man.
The good old days, man.
There you are, sweet pea.
So the train will be pulling
into Philadelphia soon.
Will you be getting off at the
City of Brotherly Loves, Mr. Beeks?
Yeah, I will, but you won't,
Winthorpe.
See if this one's empty.
Hey, back off.
I'll rip out your eyes
and piss on your brain.
Excuse me.
You got it.
All right. On your
feet. Up, let's go.
Bunch of fucking weirdoes!
We're going to
take a little walk.
And don't try anything funny or
the whore loses a kidney. Let's go.
No, I'm from Sweden.
Hey, beat it.
Hey, I'm King Kong. I'm the
biggest, baddest boy in the jungle.
Get lost, you maggot.
Hey, who is that guy,
your father or something?
All right, hold it right here.
Oh, honestly, Beeks.
This is as far as we go.
No more cockamamie cigar smoke.
No more Swedish meatballs
there, tootsie.
And no more phony Irish whiskey.
No more goddamn jerky beef.
The party's over.
Hey, come on.
What do you mean,
"The party's over"?
It's not even 10:00,
you dummy.
Hey, come on.
Loosen up, man.
It's almost New Year's Eve.
Hey, look what
happened to me, huh?
Sometimes, they look so
human, it gives you the creeps.
Boy, that other one's
getting kinda horny, ain't he?
Think we ought to hit him up
with the tranquillizer gun?
It's New Year's.
Let them have their fun.
That black one
must be the female.
Where is he?
Beeks.
Are you there, Beeks?
I'm over here.
That's far enough.
Did you get the report?
Let's see the money.
Okay, toss it over.
Thank you, Beeks.
Wonderful news.
Wonderful.
Beeks, Happy New Year.
My life savings, sir.
Try not to lose it.
Lose it? Coleman,
in a couple hours,
you're going to be the richest
butler that ever lived, man.
I worked real hard
for this, Louis.
Hope you know what you're doing.
Thank you, Ophelia.
What are you doing?
1031... That's us, Louis.
En route to New York and Boston.
Coleman, would you please.
Thank you.
I could use a stiff drink.
Would you care to join me?
Good morning,
Mr. Duke.
Wilson.
Good morning,
Mr. Duke.
Wilson.
Keep the change.
Think big, think positive.
Never show any sign of weakness.
Always go for the throat.
Buy low, sell high.
Fear, that's
the other guy's problem.
Nothing you have
ever experienced
can prepare you for
the unbridled carnage
you're about to witness.
The Super Bowl,
the World Series,
they don't know
what pressure is.
In this building, it's
either kill or be killed.
That's right. You make
no friends in the pits
and you take no prisoners.
No prisoners.
One minute you're
up half a million
in soybeans, and the next, boom.
Your kids don't go to college and
they've repossessed your Bentley.
Are you with me?
Yeah.
We've got to kill the
motherfucker... We've got to kill them.
We want you to buy as much OJ
as you can, the instant trading starts.
Don't worry if the price starts
going up, just keep buying.
But, gentlemen,
they're gonna broadcast
the crop report in an hour,
what if...
Let us worry about that, Wilson.
Yes, sir.
How's the ulcer, Harry?
Pretty good.
How's the hypertension?
Hasn't bothered me in months.
Let's kick some ass.
Well, this is it.
The last bastion
of pure capitalism
left on Earth.
Here in New York they trade
everything, gold, silver, platinum,
heating oil, propane,
cocoa and sugar
and, of course, frozen,
concentrated orange juice.
Now, the people on the phones
are taking orders
from brokerage houses
all over the world.
The runners then hand those
orders to the traders in the pits.
They're trading
cotton over there.
And that's the silver pit.
Now the Dukes' trader
is going to be
buying like crazy
right from the opening.
We'll be waiting
until he drives the price up?
Right. I can't wait
to see his face
when they broadcast
that genuine crop report.
OJ trading opens at 9:00.
Let's go kick some butt.
Let's go.
- 102 bid for...
- Sold!
Hey, hey. The Dukes are
trying to corner the market.
They know something,
I can feel it.
Let's get in on it.
200, taken.
130.
200, 200.
Louis!
Not yet, almost.
220, take them.
209.
Yeah, yeah, got them.
139.
Now! Sell, 200 April at 142.
That's not right.
How can the price be going down?
Something's wrong.
Where's Wilson?
Sell, sell, sell.
What are they doing here?
They're selling, Mortimer.
Why, that's ridiculous.
Unless that crop report...
God help us.
I told you we shouldn't have
committed everything, you asshole.
We've got to get Wilson
and tell him to sell.
Ladies and
gentlemen, the Secretary of Agriculture.
Ladies and gentlemen, the orange
crop estimates for the next year.
After calculating
the estimates from
various orange-producing states,
we have concluded the following.
The cold winter has apparently
not affected the orange harvest.
Consumers can expect orange
and orange juice prices to fall...
Wilson, for Christ's sake, sell.
Buy them.
Sold!
Selling!
Selling. Sell.
Sold!
36!
29!
Selling.
All right.
I'll buy. 15.
Wilson, where are you going?
You idiot.
Get back in there
at once and sell, sell.
But I...
I've just... I've...
5.
Yeah, 200.
Thank you, brother.
100.
Yeah, that was 100.
So did you get the hundred?
I got that.
Five with you, man, five.
Louis, that was 100 lots.
Hundred?
Happy New Year.
Winthorpe.
Valentine.
Hey, how'd you all
make out today?
How could you do this to us,
after everything
we've done for you?
Oh, see, I made
Louis a bet here.
Louis bet me that we
couldn't both get rich
and put you all in the
poorhouse at the same time.
He didn't think
we could do it. I won.
I lost.
$1.
Thank you, Louis.
After you.
Certainly.
Margin call, gentlemen.
Why, you can't expect us to...
You know the rules of
the exchange, Mr. Duke.
All accounts to be settled at
the end of the day's trading,
without exception.
You know perfectly well, we
don't have $394 million in cash.
I'm sorry, boys.
Put the Duke brothers' seats on
the exchange up for sale at once.
Seize all assets of Duke &
Duke commodities brokers,
as well as all personal holdings
of Randolph and Mortimer Duke.
My God, we're ruined.
This is an outrage.
I demand an investigation.
You can't sell our seats.
A Duke has been sitting on this
exchange since it was founded.
We founded this exchange.
It's ours.
It belongs to us.
My God.
Mortimer, your brother's not well.
We'd better call an ambulance.
Fuck him!
Now you listen to me.
I want trading reopened,
right now.
Get those brokers back in here!
Turn those machines back on!
You and your Nobel Prize,
you idiot!
Where's Beeks?
Where in hell is Beeks?
Beeks!
Yeah, I forgot
all about that guy.
Okay, one male gorilla.
Hey, wait a minute.
There's two of them
in that cage.
One gorilla, two gorillas.
Big deal.
The whole bunch is
getting sent back to Africa.
It's a big
scientific experiment.
What do I know?
Anyway, take a look,
they're in love.
Hey, Coleman!
Yes?
What shall we do about lunch?
The lobster or the cracked crab?
What do you think?
Can't we have both?
Why not?
Demiitri.
Sir.
Lobster and cracked crab
for everyone.
Extra Primo good,
Mr. Coleman, sir.
Looking good, Billy Ray.
Feeling good, Louis.
♪ Get a job
♪ Every morning
about this time
♪ She get me out of my bed
a-crying
♪ Get a job
♪ After breakfast, everyday
♪ She throws the want ads
right my way
♪ And never fails
to say ♪ Get a job
♪ Get a job
♪ And when I get the paper
♪ I read it
through and through
♪ And my girl
never fails to say
♪ If there is any work for me
♪ And when I go back
to the house
♪ I hear the woman's mouth
♪ Preaching and a-crying
♪ Tell me that
I'm lying about a job
♪ That I never could find
♪ Get a job
♪ And when I get the paper
♪ I read it
through and through
♪ And my girl
never fails to say
♪ If there is any work for me
♪ And when I go back
to the house
♪ I hear the woman's mouth
♪ Preaching and a-crying
♪ Tell me that
I'm lying about a job
♪ That I never could find
♪ Get a job
♪ Every morning
about this time
♪ She get me out of my bed
a-crying
♪ Get a job
♪ After breakfast, everyday
♪ She throws the want ads
right my way
♪ And never fails to say
♪ Get a job
♪ Get a job ♪